In this lesson, you will add some final touches.
The constant -1000 is meaningful.
Instead of writing -1000 every single time, which is a very good way to get bugs.
We need to define it as a constant and describe its purpose.
And inside this folder I will create a constant Java file.
And now here I will declare a public static final.
And.
Equal to -1000.
Final means the constant can never be mutated, and static means you can access the constant without
creating an object of this class.
This was already explained in the Complete Java Development Bootcamp.
In any case, what I'm going to do here.
Is replace the loose number a -1000 with a final constant constants.
And we'll do the same thing all over.
Next thing we're going to do is fix the following anchor tags, form and grades.
Because right now the form and grades, buttons, they don't really lead to anything.
They must be able to make get requests.
So what I'm going to do is give each one of them a thin leaf, a rough attribute, as we did for the
update button file leaf h ref.
Finally h ref.
The first one will make a get request to the relative path slash.
The second one will make a get request to the relative path slash grades.
Which, as you know, will return the grade's view OC.
Now, if I'm inside of the forms page, these buttons should work perfectly.
But inside of the grade's view, these buttons don't actually work because I'm going to have to go inside
a grade XHTML and apply the same changes.
All right.
Now the app is fully functional.
You can submit a grade.
You can update that same grade.
And then if you want to add a new grade, instead of writing out local host 8080 all over again, press
a button that makes it get request to that same path and you can add a new grade.
We'll say her mini.
A-plus arithmetic.
Beautiful.
And actually, on the topic of final touches, one last thing I want to do is I don't like that we're
calling this function twice.
So what I'll say is int.
Index is equal to get grade index at that ID.
And then we'll just pass in the index making this line a lot shorter.
Student grades get index.
And that's it.